Release Note for WebView2 with Stable 110 and Pre-release 112 (#2443)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/release-notes.md

> 

Reviewer: change line 9 to:
```
ms.date: 02/13/2023
```

> To use a prerelease SDK along with a Microsoft Edge preview channel, see [Test upcoming APIs and features](how-to/set-preview-channel.md).

Reviewer: @imicy - fyi, I think my VS Code automatically is changing leading tab characters to leading spaces.
You can resolve this comment.

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
```
standard 2 blank lines above section for consistent readability/maint

## 1.0.1587.40

> Release Date: Feb 13, 2023  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release Date: February 13, 2023
```

[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1587.40](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1587.40)

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires WebView2 Runtime version 110.1587.40 or higher. 

### General

#### Promotions

> The following items are now stable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following items are now stable.
```
deviating from past convention to avoid two colons in a row

> *  Additional options used to create WebView2 Environment to manage custom scheme registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Additional options used to create a WebView2 Environment to manage custom scheme registration.
```

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](#)
>    * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](#)
> * [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environmentoptions.customschemeregistrations?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> 

Reviewer: is this needed, as the middle list item, like .NET has above?
```
   * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](#)
```

Reviewer: instance 2
@peiche-jessica - find "todo", include or omit this link?

Reviewer: Researching now: in WinRT latest published Release or Prerelease docs, see whether CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions has a CustomSchemeRegistrations property.  Answer: __

Reviewer: you can resolve this comment, b/c entered a separate, Suggested Change comment

Reviewer 2: There should be CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property in .NET for the new 1587 release package. Note .NET draft reference can't be produced until the NuGet is actually shipped.

> * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](#)
> * [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environmentoptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
```

Reviewer: todo: I will look at WinRT PR to see if 
CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property
exists there.  Answer: __

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - does **CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations** Property
exist for WinRT?
This section is: RelNotes> 1.0.1587.40 > Additional options ... custom scheme registration > WinRT

Reviewer 2: It does not.

Reviewer: i'm removing it from the Suggested Change...

> 

Reviewer: <!-- todo: is this needed, as the middle list item, like .NET has above?
   * [CoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions.CustomSchemeRegistrations Property](#)
-->

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4 interface](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::GetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::SetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions4?view=webview2-1.0.1587.40&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::GetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions4?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#getcustomschemeregistrations)
   * [ICoreWebView2EnvironmentOptions4::SetCustomSchemeRegistrations method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environmentoptions4?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#setcustomschemeregistrations)
```

> * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration interface](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::GetAllowedOrigins method](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::SetAllowedOrigins method](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::HasAuthorityComponent property (get](#), [put)](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::SchemeName property (get)](#)<!--no put-->
>    * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::TreatAsSecure property (get](#), [put)](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::GetAllowedOrigins method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#getallowedorigins)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::SetAllowedOrigins method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#setallowedorigins)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::get_HasAuthorityComponent method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#get_hasauthoritycomponent)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::put_HasAuthorityComponent method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#put_hasauthoritycomponent)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::get_SchemeName method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#get_schemename)<!--no put-->
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::get_TreatAsSecure method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#get_treatassecure)
   * [ICoreWebView2CustomSchemeRegistration::put_TreatAsSecure method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2customschemeregistration?view=webview2-1.0.1518.46&preserve-view=true#put_treatassecure)
```
experimenting with separate items for get "method" and put "method" to reduce manual modifications

---

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
standard spacing for this repo/file

> 
> <!-- ====================================================================== -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
```

## 1.0.1671-prerelease

> Release Date: Feb 13, 2023  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release Date: February 13, 2023
```

> [NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1671](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1671-prerelease)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NuGet package for WebView2 SDK 1.0.1671-prerelease](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.1671-prerelease)
```

For full API compatibility, this version of the WebView2 SDK requires Microsoft Edge version 112.0.1671.0 or higher. 

### General

#### Experimental features 

*  Added support for the Experimental File API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile interface](#)
>    * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile::get_Path method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalWebMessageReceivedEventArgs interface](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalfile?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile.Path Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalfile.path?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalWebMessageReceivedEventArgs Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalwebmessagereceivedeventargs?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile interface](#)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalFile::get_Path method](#)
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalWebMessageReceivedEventArgs interface](#)

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFile interface](#)
>    * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFile::get_Path method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalWebMessageReceivedEventArgs interface](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFile interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfile?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalFile::get_Path method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalfile?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_path)
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalWebMessageReceivedEventArgs interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalwebmessagereceivedeventargs?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

---

> *  Added support for Experimental Object Collection View API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Added support for Experimental Object Collection View API:
```

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView::get_Count method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView.Count Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview.count?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView.GetValueAtIndex Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview.getvalueatindex?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease)
```

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - Does CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView class exist for .NET?  If not, I'll put "n/a" in this tab.

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView::get_Count method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)

Reviewer: tech review this change.  For WinRT, should the tab just contain "n/a"?
```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView.Count Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#count)
   * [CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView.GetValueAtIndex Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getvalueatindex)
```

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - Does CoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView class exist for WinRT?  If not, I'll put "n/a" in this tab.

Reviewer: I might delete this comment thread and add it to the Suggested Change comment instead.

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView::get_Count method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView::get_Count method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_count)
   * [ICoreWebView2ExperimentalObjectCollectionView::GetValueAtIndex method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2experimentalobjectcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getvalueatindex)
```

---

#### Promotions

> The following APIs are promoted to stable in this prerelease SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following APIs are promoted to stable in this prerelease SDK.
```
deviating from past to avoid series of colons

> *  The SharedBuffer API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### The SharedBuffer API
```
we should try a heading instead of plain text.  Evidence: I need to find these, and I can't find them; as a plain-text list item they get lost.
In other files we're moving to h2/h4/h6 headings pattern, that's why I skipped h5 here.

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2_17 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2_17::PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2Environment12 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2Environment12:: CreateSharedBuffer method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2Frame4 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Frame4:: PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: OpenStream method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: Close method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Size method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Buffer method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_FileMappingHandle method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2 Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2Environment Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environment?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Environment.CreateSharedBuffer Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2environment.createsharedbuffer?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2Frame Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2frame.postsharedbuffertoscript?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.OpenStream Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer.openstream?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Close Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer.close?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Size Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer.size?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Buffer Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer.buffer?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.FileMappingHandle Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2sharedbuffer.filemappinghandle?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

Reviewer: omit the final link, FileMappingHandle?

> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_FileMappingHandle method](#)

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - does .NET or WinRT have this?
CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.FileMappingHandle Property

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2_17 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2_17::PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2Environment12 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Environment12:: CreateSharedBuffer method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2Frame4 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Frame4:: PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: OpenStream method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: Close method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Size method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Buffer method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_FileMappingHandle method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2 Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
* [CoreWebView2Environment Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environment?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Environment.CreateSharedBuffer Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2environment?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#createsharedbuffer)
* [CoreWebView2Frame Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2Frame.PostSharedBufferToScript Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2frame?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
* [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.OpenStream Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#openstream)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Close Method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#close)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Size Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#size)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.Buffer Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#buffer)
   * [CoreWebView2SharedBuffer.FileMappingHandle Property](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#buffer)<!--todo: n/a, omit link?-->
```
tech review: omit the final item for WinRT: FileMappingHandle?

Reviewer: instance 3
@peiche-jessica - find "todo", include or omit this link?

Reviewer 2: Omit from WinRT.

Reviewer: Resolved; omitted.

##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

> * [ICoreWebView2_17 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2_17::PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2Environment12 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2Environment12:: CreateSharedBuffer method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2Frame4 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2Frame4:: PostSharedBufferToScript method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: OpenStream method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: Close method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Size method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_Buffer method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer:: get_FileMappingHandle method](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2_17 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2_17?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2_17::PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2_17?view=webview2-1.0.1619-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
* [ICoreWebView2Environment12 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environment12?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Environment12::CreateSharedBuffer method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2environment12?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#createsharedbuffer)
* [ICoreWebView2Frame4 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2frame4?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Frame4::PostSharedBufferToScript method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2frame4?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#postsharedbuffertoscript)
* [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer::OpenStream method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#openstream)
   * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer::Close method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#close)
   * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer::get_Size method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_size)
   * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer::get_Buffer method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_buffer)
   * [ICoreWebView2SharedBuffer::get_FileMappingHandle method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2sharedbuffer?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_filemappinghandle)
```

Reviewer: I need to re-enter the above comment, to fix the version #

---

*  The Permission API:

##### [.NET/C#](#tab/dotnetcsharp)

* [CoreWebView2Profile4 interface](#)
	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](#)
	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](#) 

> * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](#)

Reviewer: Are these applicable for .NET?  I omitted from my links.
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView Class](#)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.GetValueAtIndex Method](#)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.Count Property](#)

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - is CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView Win32-only?

.NET latest prerelease has CoreWebView2PermissionSetting but not CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.
WinRT latest prerelease: same.

> * [CoreWebView2Profile4 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](#) 
> * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_Count method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionKind method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionOrigin method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionState method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: get_ScriptLocale method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: put_ScriptLocale method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler interface](#)
> * [CoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler interface](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2controlleroptions?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions.ScriptLocale Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2controlleroptions.scriptlocale?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2getnondefaultpermissionsettingscompletedhandler?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.PermissionKind Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionkind?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.PermissionOrigin Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionorigin?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView.PermissionState Property](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2permissionsetting.permissionstate?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2Profile Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2profile?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2Profile.SetPermissionStateAsync Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2profile.setpermissionstateasync?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [CoreWebView2Profile.GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsAsync Method](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2profile.getnondefaultpermissionsettingsasync?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
* [CoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler Class](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2setpermissionstatecompletedhandler?view=webview2-dotnet-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```

##### [WinRT/C#](#tab/winrtcsharp)

> * [CoreWebView2Profile4 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](#) 
> * [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_Count method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionKind method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionOrigin method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionState method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2 interface](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: get_ScriptLocale method](#)
> 	* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: put_ScriptLocale method](#)
> * [CoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler interface](#)
> * [CoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler interface](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions Class](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2controlleroptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease)
   * [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions.LocaleRegion Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2controlleroptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#localeregion)<!--todo: is this the correct property for WinRT, instead of ScriptLocale?-->
* [CoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2getnondefaultpermissionsettingscompletedhandler?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)<!--todo: omit for WinRT?-->
* [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting Class](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionKind Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#permissionkind)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionOrigin Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#permissionorigin)
   * [CoreWebView2PermissionSetting.PermissionState Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#permissionstate)
* [CoreWebView2Profile Class](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2profile?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease)
   * [CoreWebView2Profile.SetPermissionStateAsync Method](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2profile?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#setpermissionstateasync)
   * [CoreWebView2Profile.GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsAsync Method](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2profile?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#getnondefaultpermissionsettingsasync)
* [CoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2setpermissionstatecompletedhandler?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)<!--todo: omit for WinRT?-->
```
tech review: find "todo":  3 questions:
```
   * [CoreWebView2ControllerOptions.LocaleRegion Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2controlleroptions?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1619-prerelease#localeregion)
<!--todo: is this the correct property for WinRT, instead of ScriptLocale?-->

* [CoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2getnondefaultpermissionsettingscompletedhandler?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
<!--todo: omit for WinRT?-->

* [CoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler Class](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2setpermissionstatecompletedhandler?view=webview2-winrt-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
<!--todo: omit for WinRT?-->
```

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica - find "todo", omit these 3 links?

Reviewer: I need to re-enter the above comment, to fix the version #

Reviewer: re:
```
CoreWebView2ControllerOptions.LocaleRegion Property
<!--todo: is this the correct property for WinRT, instead of ScriptLocale?-->
```
`LocaleRegion` was promoted to stable as `ScriptLocale` in m112. 
It’s still experimental in m111, so it won't be in a m111 release package.

Reviewer 2: As of 1671, the API has been promoted to stable in a prerelease package. We should link to the stable ScriptLocale instead of the deprecated experimental LocaleRegion.

> ##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### [Win32/C++](#tab/win32cpp)

```
adding blank line per pattern in file

> * [ICoreWebView2Profile4 interface](#)

Reviewer: I'm not finding ICoreWebView2Profile4 at:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/webview2-win32-reference/tree/auto/110.0.1587.40/1-0-1587-40

I'm only finding ICoreWebView2Profile2 there:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/webview2-win32-reference/blob/auto/110.0.1587.40/1-0-1587-40/icorewebview2profile2.md

	* [ICoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](#)
	* [ICoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](#) 
* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](#)
	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)
	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_Count method](#)
* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting interface](#)
	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionKind method](#)
	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionOrigin method](#)

> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionState method](#)

Reviewer: @peiche-jessica @imicy - I'm guessing that these:
```
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionKind method](#)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionOrigin method](#)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionState method](#)
```
are supposed to be:
```
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting::get_PermissionKind method](#)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting::get_PermissionOrigin method](#)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting::get_PermissionState method](#)
```

> * [ICoreWebView2Profile4 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](#) 
> * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: GetValueAtIndex method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_Count method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionKind method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionOrigin method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView:: get_PermissionState method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2 interface](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: get_ScriptLocale method](#)
> 	* [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2:: put_ScriptLocale method](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler interface](#)
> * [ICoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler interface](#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2controlleroptions2?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2::get_ScriptLocale method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2controlleroptions2?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_scriptlocale)
   * [ICoreWebView2ControllerOptions2::put_ScriptLocale method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2controlleroptions2?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#put_scriptlocale)

* [ICoreWebView2GetNonDefaultPermissionSettingsCompletedHandler interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2getnondefaultpermissionsettingscompletedhandler?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)

* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSetting interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView::get_PermissionKind method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionkind)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView::get_PermissionOrigin method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionorigin)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView::get_PermissionState method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsetting?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_permissionstate)

* [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView::GetValueAtIndex method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getvalueatindex)
   * [ICoreWebView2PermissionSettingCollectionView::get_Count method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2permissionsettingcollectionview?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#get_count)

* [ICoreWebView2Profile4 interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile4?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
   * [ICoreWebView2Profile4::SetPermissionState method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile4?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#setpermissionstate)
   * [ICoreWebView2Profile4::GetNonDefaultPermissionSettings method](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2profile4?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true#getnondefaultpermissionsettings)

* [ICoreWebView2SetPermissionStateCompletedHandler interface](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2setpermissionstatecompletedhandler?view=webview2-1.0.1671-prerelease&preserve-view=true)
```
alpha sorted types like TOC

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

```
copy of note:
haven't fully tested having tab-set delimiter touching a non-blank line.
Puting blank line above like pattern in this file

#### Bug fixes

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
remove space char

> *   Fixed a bug where WebView2 was not closing properly when hitting a BeforeUnload event (Runtime) ([Issue #2677](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2677)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug where WebView2 was not closing properly when hitting a `BeforeUnload` event (Runtime) ([Issue #2677](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2677)) 

```

> *   In the DownloadStarting event, the ResultFilePath previously was not showing the correct download location for UWP applications when the DownloadStarting event handler was attached.This has been fixed and the correct ResultFilePath is shown.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   In the `DownloadStarting` event, the `ResultFilePath` previously wasn't showing the correct download location for UWP applications when the `DownloadStarting` event handler was attached.  This has been fixed; the correct `ResultFilePath` is now shown.
```

> *   Fixed bug of throwing System.ArgumentException after call HostObject method that returns non-generic task.([Issue #2787](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2787))   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug where `System.ArgumentException` was thrown after calling the `HostObject` method returns a non-generic task.([Issue #2787](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/2787))
```
tech-review this change

> *   Fixed an issue in SharedBuffer API where the stream object does not work well with StreamWriter. (Runtime) ([Issue #3108](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/3108)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed an issue in the `SharedBuffer` API where the stream object didn't work well with `StreamWriter`. (Runtime) ([Issue #3108](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/3108))
```

> *   DOM speech synthesis APIs like `SpeechSynthesis.getVoices()` will now work in UWP apps. (Runtime)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   DOM speech-synthesis APIs such as `SpeechSynthesis.getVoices()` will now work in UWP apps. (Runtime)
```

> *   Fixed a crash on frame destruction. (Runtime)([Issue #3062](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/3062))   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a crash that occurred on frame destruction. (Runtime)  ([Issue #3062](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Feedback/issues/3062))   
```

> *   Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to call CreateWebResourceResponse with null phrase reason. This is a runtime change.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to call `CreateWebResourceResponse` with a `null` phrase reason. (Runtime)
```

> *   Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to call CreateWebResourceResponse with null phrase reason. This is a runtime change.  

Reviewer: i entered a separate Suggestion comment

> *   Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to call CreateWebResourceResponse with null phrase reason. This is a runtime change.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug where the app crashes when trying to call `CreateWebResourceResponse` with a `null` phrase reason. (Runtime)
```
tech review "(Runtime)"

> *   The `CoreWebView2.AddHostObjectToScript` option `chrome.webview.hostObjects.options.ignoreMemberNotFoundError` now works in non-English locales. (Runtime)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  The `CoreWebView2.AddHostObjectToScript` option `chrome.webview.hostObjects.options.ignoreMemberNotFoundError` now works in non-English locales. (Runtime)
```

> *   Fully enabled Open file dialog support for elevated apps on Windows 7. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fully enabled **Open file** dialog support for elevated apps on Windows 7.
```

> *   Fixed a bug where owned windows were not showing up for UWP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fixed a bug where owned windows were not appearing for UWP.
```
alternatives - use the most accurate, specific wording:
*   Fixed a bug where owned windows were not opening for UWP.
*   Fixed a bug where owned windows were not being rendered for UWP.
*   Fixed a bug where owned windows were not being created for UWP.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
